all right so we're back again at devil's
lair we're gonna go ahead and try the
way that I wanted to do I wasn't able to
do the damage that I wanted to do the
boss as quick as I wanted to so we're
gonna go ahead and try this again um oh
sure they're gonna need all right this
is the oh shit holy vagina oh my
goodness there are these minions out
there you go alright so the way that I
got to do it this time is I got to do it
fast like if I don't kill the boss quick
enough I'm gonna die as well I think
we're done clearing no there's one more
there you go
alright so we're gonna be using the
sniper oh there's still one more put on
grenades over here alright so we got to
be quick as I can um
that's a quarter of his health come on
gotta be sloppy though we got a beat
rapido
all right he's halfway come on
all right I got Rockets now oh this is
not good you should be blinded how the
hell are you shooting me in here isn't
too much hell my shield is not gonna
last this much longer
come on come on all right we're out of
shield that's not good please die please
die please die come on oof we got it we
got it we got it we got it we got it
that's the way you fuckin do it you
don't pussy around in the fucking back
damn I got mad for losing that shit
that's how you fucking do it man
shit I got mad for fucking pussyfooting
in that fucking corner in the back over
there what the fuck light beyond the
nemesis I don't know if I should play it
safe and stay back here I don't know my
place even just stay back here I think I
don't know if you guys normally see me
do the regular septic scram I like to go
in the far left over there and use my
weapon of light and then just you know
three people shit on him but I might
just sit back here and just do a lot of
damage like I said I don't really need
to uh go right next to him cuz I'm gonna
have my fusion right flush it's gonna do
a lot of damage the motherfucking play
oh that's the thing we got to watch out
for those grenades
are we done
done yet
I don't want to go over there man I want
to stay back here I think this door
closes does it
yep I know 1k damage then use my rockets
oh you fuckin oh that I missed twice not
that I missed twice oh my god the
minions dude yeah these guys are
annoying I'm gonna have trouble and I
put the bubble in a bad spot I can't
like really shoot damn a dude this is
gonna be hard I never done it over here
like I said I always do it on the far
left now everything can come over here
easily to me and the boss is fucking on
me 24/7
yup this was a bad idea - should you use
a sniper cuz I'm gonna need to do as
much damage as can as fast as possible
good thing about this as a fast charge
time oh shit
even yeah I'm gonna have to use my
sniper
oh my goodness did you see how close he
was whoa this is bad
this is this is not good it is really
really really bad
and he doesn't stand still neither yeah
this is the worst thing I could have
done
dude I'm only a quarter of his health
that's the only good thing about this I
can easily kill whatever comes with one
shot if I hit right not that thing of
course I just going to take much longer
than I wanted it to take
it's Colonel of any ninjas that might
come out of nowhere do it like that you
did a lot of damage there and mothership
is coming up I don't watch out he can
one-shot me get ready get ready we're
gonna get fucked up right now
look at all these grenades gimme a break
gave me a break